ULTRA set `endless_traffic` flag to false inside ULTRA (#1014)
huawei-noah/SMARTS: ultra/docs/ultra_environments.md

`(_STACK_SIZE, HEIGHT, WIDTH, 3)` where `_STACK_SIZE` is the number of frames to stack
(its value can be found in `ultra.env.ultra_env`), `HEIGHT` is the height of the RGB
image, and `WIDTH` is the width of the RGB image.
4. ULTRA's Gym environment sets the `endless_traffic` flag to be False. This stops

> social vehicles from teleporting back to their starting position once completion of
> mission route. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
social vehicles from teleporting back to their starting position once they complete
their mission route.
```
